# Html-
HTML is a markup language that enables you to create attarctive and interactive websites. A markup language provides a way to describe the structure of a Web page,specifying how text or graphics are displayed on the web page.It can be used on different Web browsers to publish information as a Web page. HTML provides tags that help in craeting Web page. HTML also allows the creation of hyperlinks to connect the different Web pages or sections of a single Web page. An HTML document is created by various tags, such as !DOCTYPE HTML,HTML,HEAD, and BODY and thier attributes. Tags are special markup codes enclosed in angular brackets that defines the structure of an HTML document.
HTML elements are the building blocks of HTML pages. With HTML constructs, images and other objects, such as interactive forms, may be embedded into the rendered page. It provides a means to create structured documents by denoting structural semantics for text such as headings, paragraphs, lists, links, quotes and other items. HTML elements are delineated by tags, written using angle brackets. Browsers do not display the HTML tags, but use them to interpret the content of the page.

HTML can embed programs written in a scripting language such as JavaScript which affect the behavior and content of web pages. Inclusion of CSS defines the look and layout of content. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), maintainer of both the HTML and the CSS standards, has encouraged the use of CSS over explicit presentational HTML since 1997.
